Learning how LLM's word and building various models to generate text. <br><br>
<h3>Resources</h3> - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UU1WVnMk4E8 <br><br>
<h4>Here is some <b>Shakespear</b> text generated by my LLM</h4> <br>
SHYLOCK
 I’ll prove more to send to die with him. 

ROMEO
 So honours on this place? 

ROMEO
 Woe, at the woes, that that do they use. She all No boasting like the brain are vanished. mighty parted I have cried, “Help me, thievish ways. 

NURSE
 Truly, thou my right and tongue scar thou finding him,, the enterprise! thou, We must not down to deed? 

MACDUFF
 O mutiny, Only lady tread upon you, A highway of the nightingale, To give reasons. 

LORENZO
 And sail, they, but as yours: You sicken. Who’s there, to day in one, Which like a false thanes and others. 

BENVOLIO
 Ay, and then we may question? You smile know you, have stomachs. First, will you go? Hear me within. Merciful powers, conceive? 

ROMEO
 At weak childish bow of lath, Scaring the day’s shame, That palter with Macbeth’s head. 

ROMEO
 And therefore old weather on the blood? rest? The detestable death here, that name), with sorrow thee all the rest me to our Ides of March But else heaven Upon the worst part, That never amerce you with with so precious to lay bare one. 

BRABANTIO
 If I do not doubt, I challenge you. 

MERCUTIO
 stains The redoubted struck nine temper Oracle, And when I tell thee what sight to seek you. But, sir, not hear me. 

CASSIUS
 Hie to our order, wanting that. 

SHYLOCK
 Sir, countrymen, Didst thou, never see once more the field. avoided Malcolm, of old dangerous than he makes it rightly. And yet my lord of grief her? 

<br><br>
<h4>Here is some <b>Harry Potter</b> text generated by my LLM</h4> <br>
He leaned toward the fire and then leaned streaming along the darkness to his feet. Superior. He closed her. Without a passing hand in a hand Harry. Well get back now said very loudly. Yeh need Jordan. Until he shook his head burst into a while. They turned near a great deal of magical dying tightly so that fangs that he saw Ron back in front of it really which had never been stuck his upward sweeping marks in been made in front of Madam Pomfrey shuffling to the inky dreams the mdears but never aware that will be tantamount but Hermione asked to say anything like that nobody would answer them letter. There was no objection to several people who would know what the classroom on Hermione Ginny had found out a party to seize the sorting hat carrying a tricky death Eaters. Him and 35 human brain. Suddenly dived low now bearing the journey a Patronus related keys look at Rons. Even his fat manor was going. Urgent seconds there was a leaf out of comfortably of the severely. Buckbeak stood pokerstraight bones. Well then is always no said Dumbledore told Harry they squealed in Harrys sleeve of unnaturally. For the time after. When the effect did indeed did not persuade us he had to be yes. Oh said Dumbledore in a familiar voice. Mars has only enough. But of course dislike will you muster. Well Im sure said Harry and Dumbledore has said suddenly and I daresay I meant when Harry had she didnt therefore would tense her really reciting the international Slytherinsl and vapor Flitwick and Georges disobedient black facts. Well tell me how a third task you wont be. You want to run for such a minute more of applause hasnt discussed concentrating which disagree with the only sign creaked of the passageway and that the Yule juice in Grimmauld place in mount the most mug or both times soon their way back out. Luna was not closing in front she went. She they walked over the robes to the great hall now drifted around him madly and removals from all and apparently exceptionally honored and castle. Its very brilliant. Harry called. I need to soon as possession of the tower explanation of a hundred creaking into his parents. They believed him to tell a Muggle Broomsv Harry waited for a lot. It must continue go. Well then I have to take any ho for for an Auror. Good mood where the match had made a snake agreed Voldemort. Did this have. Oh no idea he said in conversation with a cleverlooking wizard who shall 